DP-23183 Style rich text horizontal separator on info details page (#1541)
massgov/mayflower: packages/patternlab/styleguide/source/_patterns/01-atoms/divider.md

### Description

> This is a simple horizontal divider.  It is typically used at the bottom of the Page Header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a simple horizontal divider.  It is typically used at the bottom of a section.
```

### Status

> * Stable as of 5.0.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Stable as of 11.18.0
```
